okay so this is the Alienware
m15 r2 and i like it a lot but there's
definitely stuff we need to talk about
this is a very important laptop for
Alienware it represents kind of like a
rebirth or a rebranding of the entire
Alienware lineup and this is their
vision of it a thin and light 15 inch
gaming laptop that still retains the
design language of an alien based thing
this has some of the best looking design
elements in a gaming laptop to me so a
lot of companies right now they've kind
of figured out that black and red gaming
laptops no longer sell but they're
making these more generic looking kind
of black laptops this is unique it's got
this nice hexagon pattern that appears
to it the whole device and it's got this
back trim that lights up you can switch
all the different colors and it really
does look like some kind of flying
spaceship engine I actually love the
design of this laptop now it's obviously
not for everyone it's gonna be a look
that some people like some people don't
but for me personally I love what
they've tried to do and they've executed
it really well if there's any device out
there that looks like aliens would
actually use it it would probably be
this one okay so the screen this one's
running a 60 Hertz OLED panel they also
have a 240 Hertz IPS panel just open
recommendation if you're going to buy
this laptop unless you actually have a
distinct and clear use for a OLED panel
I would opt for the IPS panel I'm just
gonna get a way better gaming experience
with a high refresh screen compared to a
60 Hertz OLED now if you're interested
in media consumption and you really want
the high contrast of an OLED panel and
just want that HDR experience then sure
go for the OLED panel but for most
people that 240 hertz IPS is just way
better and if you're interested in like
learning about burnin and stuff on OLED
panels if you'll notice the screen just
dimmed there and I have to tap it to
make it come back on they automatically
dim the screen I don't even think they
need to do that I've done some burnin
tests I think the OLED panels on gaming
laptops are perfectly fine okay so I
want to talk about this Tobie eye
tracking bar at the bottom it's this
infrared camera that tracks your eye
movement and we've seen this technology
before in other Alienware devices it's
neat and it's got some nice uses
especially from eSports like you can
track what you're looking at during
games to kind of improve
your eye movement but just feels really
gimmicky to me and also you'll notice
the trim around the screen it's a lot
thinner than before like it's just a
more narrow bezel device but they're
still using that glossy plastic I've
talked about this before I don't think
they should because it just scratches
easily but it's a very nice looking
display area and I think this is one of
the best looking Illinois devices we've
seen to date so down here we have the
keyboard and I gotta say best gaming
keyboard I've used ever like when I
first pick this up it just felt quite
different from every other gaming laptop
keyboard it's very responsive like you
actually have to put quite a bit of
pressure to tap each key down and does
take a little bit of time to get used to
but once you do get used to it it's just
like you're gonna enjoy it I think most
people will really like this keyboard
when you compare this to something like
the Razer Blade I don't like the layout
on the Razer Blade but just the keys
feel so much less responsive the
Alienware m15 keyboard is great they've
also added individual RGB lighting it's
weird like Alienware was one of the
first companies out there maybe the very
first to introduce RGB lighting into
their gaming laptops but they kind of
fell behind as other companies just did
it better they finally caught up they
have something that is bright it's
colorful and can sit with any of the
kind of top-tier RGB lighting for gaming
laptops I do not however like their
software it's complicated and it needs
multiple downloads to get everything set
up but once you do set it up you can
customize this keyboard quite
extensively the trackpad is okay so the
hardware feels nice glass Hardware good
click smooth surface and the tracking is
fine because it's running Windows
precision drivers but the scrolling is
just something's wrong with it I think
it's a software thing I really hope it's
not a hardware issue but when you scroll
there's like a very distinct lag or just
stutter to the scroll and it's something
that I think they should fix pretty
quickly the overall inputs though I like
a lot and the kind of surface material
you have on the keyboard deck is this
soft touch white material I really like
it I'm partial to the color I'm partial
to the texture I just hope that it holds
out in terms of just durability like if
you get Cheetos on this stuff who knows
how to hold up but when it's new this
thing looks money the port selection is
good you have a bunch in the back of
your AC adapter display outputs then
well three as well as your kind of
graphics amp if you have one of those
external Alienware things you have three
use bas and an E
and as I hold this thing around is just
like it's cool it's cool that alien were
finally made something that was
legitimately thin and legitimately
powerful however however there's always
a however with Alienware devices let's
talk about thermals oh man here we go
this is a device that I just wish had
better thermals they're not bad but I've
seen better and I wanted this thing to
just have perfect thermals it does not
this thing will throttle if you push it
hard enough now if you're playing a game
that is not demanding on the CPU it
won't happen but something like apex
legends you push it it will throttle now
there are some things you could do like
under volts in the CPU I dropped this
down to negative 130 but that required
me to go into XTU or throttle stop and
under volt it I really wish that Dell
had done this out of the factory because
companies like Acer and razor do it and
you just get better thermal performance
and the thing is when you throttle in
the middle of a game like especially at
a critical point you're gonna lose like
you're straight-up gonna lose because
your framerate drops like 10 15 frames
per second it just happens now for some
people like some of you guys watching
you'll look at this me like that's not a
problem I can under voltage I can even
crack it up and we paste it but that's
not everyone like we're enthusiasts we
can do this stuff we care about doing
this stuff but there's a lot of people
that are buying this device that will
never under volt it and they're gonna
run into a stutter in a game and they're
gonna have issues somewhere along the
line it could have been avoided if they
had just under volts at the CPU now
whether or not you think that's like
cheating whatever to lower the voltage
on these things to get better thermals
but the reality is it works and if the
performance otherwise is fantastic this
thing is running an i7 Arctic 2070 max Q
you're getting great frame rates in
games and the fans aren't particularly
loud is just that I really would have
liked have seen a factory under volt so
there's absolutely no trace of thermal
throttling at all if you remove the back
lid you have access to the internals but
the motherboard is flipped so even if
you wanted to repay sitting it's a much
more difficult device to do it on
compared to older Alienware laptops but
you do have access to your drives and
your Wi-Fi card the RAM however is
soldered on and it's something that bugs
me because now you have to decide
whether you want eight or 16 gigs of RAM
right at the point of purchase you can't
ever change that over the life of the
device they also don't offer 32 gigs of
ram so if your content creator that
wants to do this or video editing you
are stuck with 16 for now it's a four
hour battery nothing
crazy you'll definitely need the AC
adapter if you plan on bring this to
classes and stuff and the speakers are
located on the side they sound pretty
good but the positioning is not ideal um
but overall I feel like they did a
really good job with this device I just
Alienware ordell if you ever watch this
video two things come to mind it tells
us how to make this thing better for
maybe even this iteration if you can do
it number one under volt this CPU out of
the factory I get that you guys are
really focused on performance you're
trying to eke out like the best possible
like voltage curves and whatever to make
this thing the best possible performer
on the market but for the average person
an in-game stutter at the wrong time is
so much worse than not having the best
possible boos clock on this thing
another thing your software like there
are companies out there that are working
off bare-bones laptops that have cleaner
and more intuitive software than an
alienware command center you guys have
to fix that whatever you guys have been
doing for the past couple years to make
it as nice looking as it is it cool that
it looks good but it's just it's messy
you guys have to clean that up but
overall I absolutely love what they've
done this thing I like the direction
they've taken with it and if you're
interesting to the device like you've
seen it you can undervolt it and fix any
kind of thermal issue you could possibly
have with it and if you do you'll have
some that's really enjoyable to use and
just looks so much better than everyone
else's gaming laptop on the market okay
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
if you liked it subs you loved it
see you guys next time